+++
title = "May 12, 2019"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2019-05-12T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

Digital Ocean Now Hosts This Site:
I've recently shifted this website to now be hosted on DigitalOcean droplet, which means that I
now have total freedom of what gets installed on the backend of the site, and can actively support
my existing projects with cooler Linux functionalities, especially with Cron jobs.

I have also been getting the hang of using SFTP to download the site and work on it remotely,
and then reupload it when I'm done instead of having to use SSH which disconnects regularly.
Express Or Local Python Project:
I've been still working on that MTA Python based project, but re-wrote it
for the third time to instead utilize the Marshmallow Python library to create database table
schemas that end up being used by SQLAlchemyCore.

Bandcamper Python Project:
I have also been working on a Python project called Bandcamper, which aims to allow a user
to search for artists on Bandcamp in a terminal window without having to use an internet browser.
Ultimately, I want the end user to be able to stream the final results in their given music player
of choice, and also be able to download any songs they want, with whatever quality they want
up to 320 kbps mp3. Past that, they'd have to pay the artist for their music, but this is better
than the existing comparable project on Python PyPi that only allows for a measley 128 kbps
mp3 download, which is terrible beyond words in terms of music quality.

Fake Website And JavaScript Progress:
I've been working on "Emulation Nation", which is just a fake website about emulation that I've
been utilizing my JS skills with. I've also been doing the tutorials for Puppeter since I'm
planning on porting the webscraper I've created at work to JS with Puppeter for a more
responsive webpage experience.