+++
title = "October 28, 2019"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2019-10-28T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I have finished the Express Or Local App, which is a Python 3 based webscraper runs
on a non-stop cron job that pulls MTA 7 Train data and displays it in a nice and
easy to read HTML table. I'm glad this project has been finished as it has taken
quite a long time to pull off. I've been in the process of making sure my older
webscraper projects are working, and have fixed the Hockey Webscraper to make sure
it runs daily. Once my projects are back and running, I'm planning to start the
Bandcamper Python 3 based project, which is just a daily emailing agent that will
email someone their top 5 bands of the day from Bandcamp based on genre or
geographical locations they entered via a web request form (and of course they can
opt out of it at any time).

Unfortunately, I'm still paying quite a bit of medical bills as a result of that
stomach surgery (insurance is a joke) and need to spend on a car soon, so I won't be
able to do any maker projects (CNC engraving, synth creation, etc) any time soon but
I still am thinking of some cooler projects down the line to do. I am also thinking to
possibly review music gear as well as there's a bit of niche territory that's covered
by bedroom musicians like myself that aren't really represented on the Internet. I'm
also looking forward to making more headway through the "Complete Web Developer Bootcamp"
Udemy course I've been slowly working through just so I can improve this site and make
better web apps overall. I've kind of realized I still like help-desk type work,
and honestly don't care if I end up fully as a developer after all as I've had
a lot of fun with these pet projects anyway. Honestly, its what you make out of life,
and even with a career, a job is just a job at the end of the day. I think its only
when I'll be able to get my side music based instrument business going is when
I'll truly be able to push myself for the goals I've wanted to achieve.

I'm also making progress of making new music too, and the keyboard skills have been
coming along quite nicely. I'm also debating a complete design overhaul for this site
in 2020 to include a way more simpler layout, and washed out colors. Should be fun.