+++
title = "September 2, 2019"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2019-09-02T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I have been healing after a major stomach surgery about a month ago, but have been
doing very well in terms of progress. As a test for myself, I put myself up to
the challenge of being able to try to tap into GitHub's REST API. Just in case you
are wondering, "&lt;strong&gt;REST&lt;/strong&gt;" stands for "&lt;strong&gt;RE&lt;/strong&gt;
presentational&lt;strong&gt;S&lt;/strong&gt;tate &lt;strong&gt;T&lt;/strong&gt;ransfer", while
"&lt;strong&gt;API&lt;/strong&gt;" stands for "&lt;strong&gt;A&lt;/strong&gt;pplication
&lt;strong&gt;P&lt;/strong&gt;rogramming &lt;strong&gt;I&lt;/strong&gt;nterface". It is basically a way you
can access a company's website's data, which in my example is act of me obtaining
the company, GitHub's data relating to my GitHub user commits.

In case you'd like to learn about &lt;strong&gt;REST API's&lt;/strong&gt;, please check out this
really good video on the topic, which is available at this

-   <https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7YcW25PHnAA>

You can see the related results on the Jumbotron element at the top of my web page,
since all my projects are now updated with their latest commit dates and links.
This single change is a vast improvement since it makes anyone including future job
recruiters more aware of the exact changes I've made to my personal projects, as
well as specific code examples if needed. One of a technical job recruiter's first
questions is always, "What's your GitHub?". Well, now I can just point them to my
web page instead :)

I've also moved away from NYC, and have had a great time so far. I honestly don't
miss it since I definitely have spent my time in New York, and would rather
return as a tourist for fun whenever I'd like to. I'm looking forward to doing
more art projects in terms of lithography, and will actually expand this site to
showcase my previous digital art as well since this is my own site after all,
and would rather showcase them here than on other platforms. I am also debating
how best to make synth projects while in an apartment, and am also debating
building a mini-Arduino based CNC in the future.