+++
title = "May 3, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-05-03T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I'm glad that I now have access to my own website again so I can freely post
as I please again.

Clearly, the world has changed quite a bit in the last few months.

To stay positive, I've been re-affirming my Christian faith, so that's been a focus
of mine.

I've been reading through the Bible with the help of 'KJV', which is a really
neat terminal based Bible program:
<https://github.com/bontibon/kjv>

A really cool quote amidst these crazy times that's pretty inspiring is
from The Lord Of The Rings - The Fellowship of the Ring from J.R.R. Tolkien.

To give a synopsis, Frodo and Gandalf are discussing the complications involving
the ring he received from Bilbo, and the very real possibility that he will be
hunted by Sauron for having the ring in the first place.

Here is the quoted conversation from Frodo and Gandalf from the book:

_“I wish it need not have happened in my time," said Frodo._
_"So do I," said Gandalf, "and so do all who live to see such times. But that_
_is not for them to decide. All we have to decide is what to do with the time_
_that is given us.”_

With that in mind, time is pretty precious to someone like me with a full time job.

As a result, I've used Emacs Org-Mode for my actual job and my own personal life
to manage how much time I've spent on tasks, and on skills.

It's really helped me a lot, so I whole-heartedly recommend giving Emacs and
Org-Mode a try if you never considered adding "TODO" lists in your daily routine.

Links:
<https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/>
<https://orgmode.org/>

Also, I've been reading up on possibly growing my own food as well in case
I'd like a self-sustainable house later on in my life. That being said,
homesteading looks like a cool hobby on the side.

To stay positive amidst these times, I have re-vamped my current Linux computer
setups, and have re-done several of my computers to try out a few things.

I am currently running Debian minimal installation on both computers, and have
been trying out Arch Linux along with Steam to get some games working without
ever needing Windows 10.

Pretty sweet so far, and am loving it.

I learned a lot, but let's just say the Arch install was pretty dang hard.

And to say the least, I totally wiped out my one hard-drive by accident
as a result. Let's just say that even if you accidentally delete a harddrive's
partition, doesn't mean you should use the "dd" command to wipe the harddrive
afterwards since you can easily just re-create the partitions afterwards.

I learned this lesson the hard way.

I plan on picking another Linux distro to run on the same drive but
with purely terminal based apps without ever using XOrg.

I also have been trying to get in touch with the "Xiphos" team, which helps
maintain this cool bible study program, but haven't really heard back from
them in their mailing list, so I might have to keep searching for open
source projects to possibly contribute to.

My current Linux based goals include:

-   Learn Ledger or other CLI tools to monitor finances with .csvs from bank statements
-   Possibly learn sc-vim instead of Ledger, since it might be easier with just a master .csv file for all finances

My current programming goals:

-   Continue to learn web development through the Udemy course
-   Make Node.JS apps that blend with Python 3 as well
-   Keep looking for Christian faith based open source projects to contribute to

My current pet programming projects include:

-   Goal: Generates a random King James Version of the Bible
-   scripture of the day, and displays it on a webpage by using the 'KJV'
-   command line utility.
-   Link:
-   <https://github.com/SBanya/ScriptureOfTheDay>

<!--listend-->

-   Goal: This project aims to be a simpler approach to
-   read emails from an MS Outlook email account directly from your Linux terminal!
-   Link:
-   <https://github.com/SBanya/OutlookTerminalClient>

Overall, I hope everyone is safe, and wish the best. God bless.