+++
title = "November 20, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-11-20T00:00:00-05:00
draft = false
+++

I finally uploaded my 'w3mBookmarkSorter' project to my Git repository, which can be found here:

-   <https://git.musimatic.net/w3mBookmarkSorter>

You can 'git clone' the repo with the following command so you can use the utility locally on your Linux machine:

```bash
git clone https://git.musimatic.net/w3mBookmarkSorter
```

Further installation instructions can be found in the "README.md" file included in the project.

It's a pretty cool little simple utility that sorts the bookmarks from A to Z for 'w3m' as the functionality just doesn't exist yet. Is it slightly
bloated because its based on Python 3? MAYBE, but some programming languages like Python 3 just have better libraries for this kind of idea straight
from the box, so its worthwhile for someone who needs this done quickly.

I DID note that there is an HTML parser from 'w3.org' themselves, which helps maintain the internet standards for the 'www' protocol which seems
kind of neat, and light-weight:

-   <https://www.w3.org/Tools/HTML-XML-utils/README>

We'll see if its worth a re-write later using this utility instead. However, I'm too quick to just make a Python 3 based webscraper due to old habits,
so honestly, I can't blame myself for it at this point.

I tried playing around with the '/etc/cgitrc' config for the Cgit instance of my Git repository to include the following config settings, which I'll have
to see if they actually worked for the Git repository itself. The goal was to enable downloads, and to have syntax highlighting to easily read any
code that is present:

```bash
# Enable ASCII art commit history graph on the log pages
enable-commit-graph=1

# Allow download of atr.gz, tar.bz2 and zip-files
snapshots=tar.gz tar.bz2 zip

# Highlight source code with python pygments-based highlighter
source-filter=/usr/lib/cgit/filters/syntax-highlighting.py

# Format markdown, restructuredtext, manpages, text files, and html files
# through the right converters
about-filter=/usr/lib/cgit/filters/about-formatting.sh
```

Ideally, I'm literally shooting for copying the same kind of ideas from the Cgit creators' own repository for 'cgit', since they have easy accessible "Download" links, and
"Clone" instructions:

-   <https://git.zx2c4.com/cgit/>

Anyway, got some major wins today on those two points alone. There's definitely  something that can be learned from my 'w3mBookmarkSorter' project: Keep your project
scope small, keep it useable, and easy to use.

Here's To Making Awesome Utilities For People To Use To Improve Their Workflow!

~ Sam