+++
title = "June 16, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-06-16T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I was able to get sound working on my Devuan desktop, but let's just
say Nvidia drivers are a pain to attempt to get running if you want
to limit what's installed via 'pins' in the following directory:
/etc/apt/preferences.d

This is important since I'd like to update my video card drivers
to use game console emulators effectively, since the performance
out of the box was pretty bad, which is weird since that desktop
was an older gaming rig anyway, and I'm just using it for emulation
and POSSIBLY music creation.

Might create a dungeon synth band with the moniker, "Sieges", since
I've been wanting to do instrumental synth music, but be the
absolutle anti-thesis of what they'd expect on Bandcamp since a lot
of solo acts in that genre is pretty dark, when I'd rather it be a
little more light-hearted and cheerful. That fact alone is kind of
weird when a lot of people making dungeon synth albums are just
ripping off game music ideas in the first place, so why the negativity?
Who knows.

I've been learning C, and got to the third chapter of the
"The C Programming Language (Second Edition)" book from the 80's.
Neat stuff, though thank God I have the answers for the exercises
as I am treating it more as a code along to learn enough C to pickup
'ncurses' based programs.

I might dive into trying to figure out Mutt with the manual this week.

I might also simultaneously go through the one 'ncurses' guide on
how to make 'ncurses' based programs in C as well.

I would also like to figure out how to make a few hooks with 'Dired'
mode in Emacs for my Org Mode TODO list for work. Moreso, I should
just archive them into a giant directory and use the archive feature,
or at least create a hook that would do the following items for me:

1.  Create tomorrow's directory in the directory above
2.  Copy over the contents of the current Todo List into tomorrow's

Todo List.

1.  Change the date at the top of the Todo List accordingly.

Also, I'd like to possibly change over the theme styling of this page
using the "org-twbs-head" function:
<https://github.com/marsmining/ox-twbs/blob/d5ae9c3fb224d081d59d3686d619edf152523f09/ox-twbs.el#L987-L1002>

Have fun for the rest of the week, stay safe :).