+++
title = "May 27, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-05-27T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I was able to install 'pywal' with pip3, which basically allows you
to change terminal color schemes on the fly.

Here is the link to 'pywal' on GitHub:
<https://github.com/dylanaraps/pywal>

However, it wasn't necessarily changing my wallpaper as well, so
I created a function within my .bashrc config file to change both
the color scheme via the 'wal' command AND the wallpaper via
'nitrogen' command:

This can be found in the "# 'pywal' based adjustment" section of my .bashrc:
<https://github.com/SBanya/dotfiles/tree/master/bash>

The result is a bit of a workaround. However, it was pretty neat since it
taught me how to obtain the default user input with the "$1" argument.

I'm thinking of ways to maybe incorporate this same idea to possibly
give me a color scheme for my "AwesomeWM" (Awesome Window Manager) as
well.

Also, I want to learn how to use AwesomeWM with gaps as well.

If I can't get that to work, I might even jump ship and try a completely
different window manager.

On another note, the dang Arch drive is having issues powering off again
since it just shows a blinking "_" cursor upon logging off from AwesomeWM
on the desktop machine.

This most likely is an issue with the video card driver, or the lack of
updates.

If I can't really fix it... well, I might just give up and try Slackware
instead on the remaining partition, and just re-do the Arch install with
Gentoo later on since its been just a dumb uphill battle to get Arch
to boot. Using Arch so far on that machine has been a battle of "Will
this system actually boot without errors today?".

Maybe I should just use something Debian based but with access to Arch
repositories. Who knows.

I'm still glad to have figured out 'pywal' though, cause its so neat.