+++
title = "May 4, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-05-04T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I forgot to post this the other day, but I did make one final album for my
Shibes band here:
<https://shibes.bandcamp.com/album/perspectives>

Unfortunately, with all my attempts to re-arrange my Linux harddrives the other
weekend, I actually erased the contents of the entire album, so I only have
the final exported music files as remnants of those sessions. This is fine
since I'm more of a person that just prefers to get stuff out there, then
to dwell on stuff and never release anything.

However, this does mean I can never re-master that album, but that's okay.

I'm kind of done with that band as it represents a certain era of my life
that I'd kind of like to leave behind a bit. I'm aiming to be more positive
despite the crazy times we're living in, and dwelling on negatives isn't really
my vibe anymore, even if it was partly for slight joke vibes.

I plan on making music going forward, but moreso, probably theme type music
with tools like MuseScore.

I would like to learn more songs on keyboard, mostly game themes, and also
a few harder songs as well.

I plan on also learning Ardour after maybe caving into the $35 license fee.

Another thing I've been working on is utilizing more terminal based programs.

One such program is "sc-im" which is a Vim based terminal spreadsheet program:
<https://github.com/andmarti1424/sc-im>

Very cool so far.

Also, I plan on checking out way more terminal based programs from this
discontinued blog to add them to my array of tools to use:
<https://inconsolation.wordpress.com/>

I'm currently debating either Slackware or Gentoo for a purely terminal based
distribution on a spare portion of my other harddrive as well on the desktop
computer, which is going to be fun. I don't mind window managers with some
GUI applications, but less bloat always leads to more productivity so I'm
all for it.