+++
title = "May 24, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-05-24T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I'm in the process of relaxing for a bit as I have the week off due to
the buildup of one comp day, and I'm piggybacking off Memorial Day
weekend.

As such, I have had a bit of time to really adjust my aliases for
my .bashrc to allow to for quick two letter commands to open up
programs easily in two seconds in Bash terminal, which is pretty cool.

Latest changes to my .bashrc file can be found here:
<https://github.com/SBanya/dotfiles/blob/master/bash/.bashrc>

I also am in the process of swapping out internet browsers to check
out IceCat, and then maybe just settle for Qutebrowser instead as well.

As such, I created a parser Python 3 based script that basically takes
the "bookmarks.html" file that you can export from Mozilla Firefox
and just rips out the "href" attribute into a resulting "links.txt" file
so that you can import it into other browsers like "Qutebrowser" or
utilities such as "DMenu".

This project can be found here on my GitHub page:
<https://github.com/SBanya/MozillaFirefoxBookmarkParser>

On the topic of GitHub, I've realized that I can simply host a public
facing .git instance, so I might actually just move all my projects
to this website's public_html folder, and just nuke my entire
GitHub profile as well since I'm more of a hobbyist anyway and could
care less for proprietary Git vendors like Microsoft.

GitLab is tempting, but it looks like you'd still have to pay to
have a free public hosting repository, so I'd rather just host it
on my own site anyway.

On the topic of trying out new Linux OS's, I've also thought more
and more about it, and I think I'll settle for trying out Slackware
on the spare partition I have on my Desktop machine instead of Gentoo.

I'm going to save Gentoo as more of a challenge later on if I get more
comfortable using Arch on my Desktop machine.

Currently, my Arch install is broken even though I literally only
played a few Steam games on it. Not sure what the deal is with that.
However, it is a cool thrill to really have a successful installation
of Arch so that's fun in itself and a challenge completed for me.

I really really really like everything Gentoo stands for, but it looks
like you have to compile most things to keep the system up to date, which
sounds cool at first, but if its basic system level updates, that sounds
like a pain to be completely honest, so I think I might save it for a
rainy day to try installing it in a VM.

In terms of Bible reading, I've gotten to 1 Samuel - 26:1 so far.
I've learned a lot, especially from someone as brave as David to have been
chased by his own king (Saul) to his death, and has strengthened by faith
a bit more. It really goes to show you that people in older times had it a lot
harder, and we should be thankful we don't have to necessarily deal
with war on a daily basis. I for one am still thankful for my fiannce,
my family, the fact that I have food and shelter, and still have a job
in these dark times.

I have a few goals for this week, and they include the following (which
utilizes a cool few tricks I learned via Emacs's Org-Mode's Checklist
option):

Goals for Memorial Day Vacation Week <code>[10%]</code> <code>[2/19]</code>:

-   [X] Create Bash aliases for moving dotfiles for w3m, newsboat, bash, etc to dotfiles and doing the commit commands
-   [ ] Learn and apply Dired Mode Shortcuts to quickly get to ~/programming directory, etc
-   [ ] Chill Out
-   [ ] Play retro games on emulator (random SNES, Genesis games, possibly Shining Force CD)
-   [ ] Play some DOSBox games
-   [ ] Play some ZX Spectrum Games
-   [ ] Keep learning C to one day be able to create ncurses interface based programs
-   [ ] Learn Wallpaper shortcuts with Pywal to make new color schemes
-   [X] Backup bookmarks from Firefox, and install Ice Cat on Debian to try it out. Worst case scenario, use Qutebrowser instead.
-   [ ] Configure Pywal to do a few trigger actions to .Xresources and AwesomeWM:
-   [ ] Backup the current .Xresources file
-   [ ] Trigger changes to .Xresources
-   [ ] Commit changes to .Xresources in ~/programming/dotfiles/Xresources
-   [ ] Backup the current AwesomeWM config theme
-   [ ] Change AwesomeWM color scheme to reflect changes from Pywal as well
-   [ ] Commit changes to Awesome color scheme in ~/programming/dotfiles/awesome
-   [ ] Learn more about Calcurse to make it more useful OR learn Emacs Calendar mode with agendas
-   [ ] Create a reverse Pywal program that searches for wallpapers based on a given color scheme.
-   [ ] Learn how to use AwesomeWM with gaps

Have a fun, and safe Memorial Day weekend everyone!