+++
title = "October 20, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-10-20T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I've been doing more and more art in Grafx2.

It's one of those positive things to do despite any frustrations in life.

Any time doing art is time well spent. I don't care what anyone says on that
front, since if they say its a waste of time, then they probably don't have
any useful talent either.

What I've always like about art is that I can easily see the progression,
as well as the risks I took. I definitely hit a block mid-year this year
where I didn't really do much art or music. I did some more self-analysis
recently, and realized that I still had fun with it, even if the quality of
said art was getting good or bad.

I would love to do some demo scene type art, but realize that I still need
to keep building the fundamentals. I've been playing around with the ideas
of proportions from the Loomis book. However, his eye for perspective is
almost too freakishly good to the point where you either quit, or at least
try to imitate it.

Perspective is definitely a weakness of mine, even with the reference
"Perspective Made Easy" book I readily have available to me.

I can think YEARS back in time when I still thought it was such a weird
concept anyway. It sort of almost ruins the creation process a bit, but
as you get older, you realize that it's really important in order to scale
things up appropriately.

I've been writing more songs for another album for a band I'm going to call
JeeveSobs, which is more or less just another midwest emo band.

However, this time, I don't want to suffer from poor audio mixing quality,
and I really really REALLY want to make sure it sounds good this time around.
Though you can tell I became more aware of how a mix should be over the years
through my music, I really never gave the thought to just hand that sort of thing
to someone else instead.

I've only trusted maybe a handful of people who even know the vibe of the kind
of music I make, but even then, its still hard to find anyone who won't
charge a lot just to mix a few songs, so we'll see if I actually get the
album mixed by anyone in particular.

I don't think I have a gift for mixing, and I think that's the best thing you
CAN admit in order to improve. I'll have to think of the best options around
this but I'm glad to say this as I critique my own work alot.

I even sat back and thought about this website, and though I am happy with the
progress, I could easily just turn it into a demo scene art page or something
and even be happier.

I have learned a lot in terms of what "scope creep" is, and to just keep your
ideas to a bare minimum.

I'm at a point of my life where if I don't see progress on something within
like 2 weeks or so, I easily lose interest. I just don't want another repeat
of that "ExpressOrLocalApp" project where I spent several months on a project
to ultimately not really see the effort being actually used. Let's all take a
laugh at how I made an MTA data app that is basically now useless. It still
is kinda funny.

But yeah, in all seriousness, that's why I stick to small web apps these days.

Keep on working at it!
~ Sam