+++
title = "June 10, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-06-10T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I installed Devuan on my Desktop computer yesterday with Openbox, and
I must say, its a pretty comfy experience.

I was trying to get some game emulators working, but sound isn't
working on the Scarlett Solo audio interface I have.

I got sound to work in the past, but maybe its an issue with alsa.
I'm also thinking that I probably might have given up and installed
Pulseaudio as a result.

Will keep researching that another time but I'm making it a mission
to not give up and install Pulseaudio since I'd prefer just straight
Alsa audio instead.

Openbox on the same note is a really cool and great lightweight
window manager:
<http://openbox.org/wiki/Main_Page>

The idea is that if you like Windoze, just use Openbox on a Linux
distribution, and kiss Microsoft goodbye. Openbox offers the same
type of window experience in terms of dragging windows around manually.

Plus you can customize the window themes, and config files easily as well,
so there's really no reason to keep Windoze, other than maybe for
"muh games". Even that reason is dumb given that Steam Proton is
getting pretty good for keeping up with Steam games.

More and more, if I wanted to play games, I'd prefer just emulating
things, and would rather even get PC centered ports on Switch if
I really wanted to play any new gen games.

Games in general are fun from time to time, but PC gaming as an
industry and as a hardware market have really gone downhill in
my opinion on a lot of factors.

Why keep up with hardware cost constraints when you've got
cryptocurrency miners just completely ruining the hardware market
in terms of video card costs. If you've ever shopped for a somewhat
OK video card, you'll see how ridiculous its become. Now its to
the point where you should just build an OK desktop, run Linux on it,
or even just get an old Thinkpad to run some minimial Linux distro on it.
Better yet, even take an old computer, run some stable Debian based
minimal distribution (without Systemd :)) and you're golden.

Either way, pretty happy at the moment as I've conquered a few tasks
this year so far that were really bothering me which included getting rid
of my GitHub, and getting a FastMail email account to move away from evil
proprietary Microsoft Outlook.

Richard Stallman was right in that if the product is free (MS Outlook),
YOU are the product. So, why give Microsoft free money from the
obvious telemetry that they're doing on my account when I could
just be on a more secure and freer platform. I'll try out FastMail
for a year, and if it sucks, I'll find a different solution (or
maybe host my own on a VPS instead).

Looking forward to possibly improving the design of this site's images
section, maybe the styling on this Blog portion of the site with a
sample Bootstrap theme by modifying the "org-twbs-export-to-html" function's
"org-twbs-head" function:
<https://github.com/marsmining/ox-twbs/blob/d5ae9c3fb224d081d59d3686d619edf152523f09/ox-twbs.el#L987-L1002>

On another note, for better work productivity, I figured out how to rip
a current ZenDesk ticket tab's information so that I can copy the
entire ticket information into a ZenDesk TODO list item onto my clipboard.

I'm trying to figure out how to use the "GreaseMonkey" extension so
that I can just run this on the fly as well, so that's been a new good
challenge for work.

Other than that, I've been learning more C from the related second edition
of the book, "The C Programming Language". C is definitely interesting,
and I can see portions of it were used for Python as some of the syntax
carries over.

I'll be interested in what projects I can create with C later on, but
I'm positive that the possibilities are really endless as C is basically
on most platforms anyway. Combined with the 'ncurses' interface library,
I'll be making terminal apps in no time, so I'm curious on how far I'll
be able to create some pet project C based apps this year.

I'm debating using either Neomutt in tmux for terminal based e-mail or
give into using Emacs based email with 'mu4e'. Both options are cool
but have their advantages and disadvantages. Mostly, both routes are
pretty hard, but I'm leaning towards Neomutt, as I've liked using it
before using Luke Smith's "Mutt Wizard" scripts. However, the last
time I used his installation scripts, the GPG keys weren't working
correctly.

Basically, terminal based email involves the following items as far as
what I've researched:

-   Sync based utility to sync mail with IMAP
-   Utility to send mail via SMTP protocol
-   Utility to encrypt emails with GPG keys

I'm definitely curious on how to do this process myself, but know that
it will probably take a good majority of a weekend day to figure it out
to get it up and running based on the Neomutt manual alone or something.

We'll see what I pick soon I guess :)

Stay safe, God Bless.