+++
title = "June 23, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-06-23T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

Thanks to my dude, Luke Smith, I was able to finally get all
my Git repositories back on my site with his latest video:
<https://www.invidio.us/watch?v=ju9loeXNVW0>

If you've never used "www.invidio.us" before, then you probably
should, as it allows you to check out YouTube videos in terminal
based browsers like 'w3m' easily.

If you attempt to use vanilla YouTube's site in 'w3m', Google complains
about the lack of the JS scripts that are not present because 'w3m'
runs purely based on HTML alone, so they can't track you nor give
you targeted ads.

Here's w3m for reference, as it is an awesome browser I use every day:
<http://w3m.sourceforge.net/>

With this in mind, I'll have to wait until Luke's next Git video to
finish off my bare Git repos, but I'm glad to say I have killed any notion of
having to depend on Microsoft for GitHub since all I ever wanted
was bare Git repositories anyway for my projects.

Other than that, still learning C, and dived slightly into
'ncurses' with the one guide I got from Internet Archive.

Pretty cool stuff, and compared to the C programming book,
'ncurses' is pretty light in terms of the difficulty in figuring
it out.

I plan on making a 'ncurses' program to move over my dotfiles,
and will host it on my Git instance when I flesh out the beginnings
of it so that anyone can pull it down.

I've been playing around with the idea of using a Linux VM purely
for work, and just remoting in with a terminal based app for Slack,
and just use WINE to emulate the Windows based programs I help do
tech support for on a daily basis.

That thought alone is pretty based, and I'd still be playing by
the rules for work as I'd be running a VM inside of Windows so that
I could still get security updates to make work's IT team happy,
but also keep myself motivated as my workflow would most likely
increase 100% if I could just do everything with Emacs or Vim bindings :)

Also, I made further progress on creating the all-in-one ElectronJS
based app for work. Though I've detested just  how bloated web apps
are, in this context, ElectronJS would allow me to create a GUI based
app for my coworkers to make their workflow better, and their daily
life doing ticket work easier. That alone is a cool motivator keeping
me going these days in terms of working since the days have kind of
been blending for months now.

I'm looking forward to the Florida move in a month since it'll
be good to get away from a city center amidst all this crazy stuff
going on.

Staying positive, and thankful that I can look forward to better
things. On the flip side though, Nashville was so awesome. Its a
shame, since I really saw myself trying to start a family out here
before all this crazy stuff this year.

The food, people, and music were 100x better than anything I've
experienced in the NY tri-state area. I'll definitely miss this place
but I'm glad to have at least tried it out. However, I doubt live
music will ever recover, so I guess its time to leave 'Music City'
for good.

God help us all in these times, and stay safe. God Bless.