+++
title = "October 21, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-10-21T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I began working on the "Yahoo Finance Stock Ticker App" project.

I'm planning on assigning a "Scrapy" based agent to each of the pages, and
to consistently return the same data feed.

Here is a link to the related "Scrapy" Python 3 module:

-   <https://scrapy.org/>

I'm using this instead of BeautifulSoup 4 as I'd like multiple agents to send
asynchronous requests instead of just one at a time.

I'd like maybe deploy this with some kind of lightweight backend program like
'Flask' in combination with React to make it sort of a hybrid between
Python 3 and JS.

We'll see how it turns out :)

I've learned how to use the 'venv' Python 3 command to store a virtual environment
for this project as well, as I usually have had the bad habit to just pull in
dependencies for cron job projects.

With this approach, you can easily deploy the same project to multiple platforms
without having to run a million pip3 commands to make sure that dependencies are
pulled in, since 'requirements.txt' takes care of that for you.

To get started, make sure you first 'cd' into your project:

```python3
cd /path/to/your/project
```

Here's the command to get started using 'venv' to create a virtual environment
for your Python 3 project by utilizing the 'python3 -m' parameter so that we can
focus on utilizing the script from one specific module, which is 'venv', aka the
first instance of 'venv' in the following command. NOTE: The second 'venv' parameter
can be named whatever you want, though usually, its a convention to name any
Python 3 virtual environments as'venv':

```python3
python3 -m venv venv
```

Here's the major 'venv' command to activate a virtual environment once you have entered
your project directory:

```python3
source venv/bin/activate
```

Once you activate your virtual environment ("venv"), then use 'pip3 install' and install
any required packages. In my case, I did 'pip3 install scrapy' for example so that
I can work with that module for this project.

Here's the related command to store all the 'pip3' packages into 'requirements.txt':

```python3
pip3 freeze > requirements.txt
```

The most important thing is to NOT add your 'venv' to your actual .git directory if
you plan on using 'git' as your version source control method, as you only need
'requirements.txt', and the user just needs the 'requirements.txt' file to build
the 'venv' themselves.

Here's the command to exit the 'venv' virtual environment:

```python3
deactivate
```

Here's another scenario:
Let's say that you wanted to utilize the 'pip3' modules that are native and already
present on the current machine but ADD to those packages for a given project.

You can instead use the following command, which allows you to add more 'pip3'
dependencies for that project by initially piggybacking off the already existing
global dependencies and allows you to add in new 'pip3' dependencies JUST for that
given project:

```python3
python3 -m venv venv --system-site-packages
```

If you wanted to list the local dependencies in that above scenario, you can utilize
the following command:

```python3
pip3 list --local
```

It's interesting that I've gone through the entire gambit of a lot of Linux based installs,
both OS-level, and just installing Linux programs (by compiling from source, etc), and
something like Python 3's 'venv' virtual environment just makes sense to me. I never
used it before because I thought it was useless, but after having to revive my old
Python 3 project websites for probably the third time after a site re-design, I
realized that its the best way going forward to deploy Python 3 apps.

On a separate note, I found a pretty cool "public access" UNIX system that
allows you to access remote shells, and shared logins. Very cool concept,
might play with this sometime this week:

-   <https://sdf.org/?faq>

Here's to learning from your mistakes!

~Sam