+++
title = "June 24, 2020"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2020-06-24T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I got up to Chapter 5 for that C Programming Language book today.

C is such a cool language, and the power of it can't be overstated.
It is embedded in so many devices to the point where if you can
program in C, you can pretty much use it to program on anything
(that isn't requiring pure assembly language of course :D).

I'm debating what the best things I can do to install on the work
based Devuan VM I have so far. I'd like to maybe consider using
something like "exwm" which is basically Emacs as a window manager,
which is such a neat concept. The idea is that everything would be
Emacs based by default. This would be cool because then you can
basically run Doom Emacs as well for text editing so that you can
use the glorious Vim bindings, but use the pretty decent Emacs
standard bindings for other things as well.

Just an fyi, Doom Emacs doesn't have any evil connotation. It's
named that way because it adds 'evil' mode style bindings (hence
'vi' in 'evil') which allow you to use 'Vi' or 'Vim' style key
bindings within Emacs. Personally, I think Vim's bindings are far
superior than Emacs. I love being able to write this blog with
Emacs alongside the 'org-twbs' export plugin with standard Emacs
keybindings. However, past using Emacs keybindings in Org Mode to
write documents, I think they're pretty terrible for actual coding
situations. More or less, they're very very very hard to remember
and way less intuitive than Vim's default bindings.

However, for those that totally complain about Emacs keybindings
as being 'painful' probably don't realize that you can totally
use your left thumb for the 'meta' or 'alt' key based bindings,
and also use the right ring finger for the 'p' key. Too many times
I see the term, "Emacs pinkie", being used, and I just have to laugh
since most likely the person is attemping to use the 'p' key with
their pinkie, when the right ring finger is almost near the same
position anyway.

Just to set the record straight, I like Emacs bindings for Org Mode
and some terminal related applications that happen to have them,
but I prefer Vim bindings for any coding situations (hence Doom
Macs is probably what I should be using going forward).

'exwm' can be found here:
<https://github.com/ch11ng/exwm>

'Doom Emacs' can be found here:
<https://github.com/hlissner/doom-emacs>

'Emacs' can be found here:
<https://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/>

'Vim' can be found here:
<https://www.vim.org/>

I've installed DietPi on the Raspberry Pi, and just plan to use
it as a downloading agent. I might get a separate external drive
for it to store media so that I can use it to scrape the net
for content, and then later access it afterwards purely through
SFTP or ssh to retrieve the data from it. That alone is such a cool
idea because if you booted your huge desktop computer just to do
menial tasks such as downloading wallpapers, then its a bit of
a waste of energy.

I'm thinking of the possibilities of what I could do to either
deploy Jitsi or Jami as a private instance for family communication
 purposes. I find both pretty fascinating as they can be used on
most platforms AND they are secure communication programs.

'Jitsi' can be found here:
<https://jitsi.org/>

'Jami' can be found here:
<https://jami.net/>

I also wonder what can be done with mesh networks such as
'gnunet'. The idea of being able to link computers and devices
together without depending upon a centralized internet service
company sounds amazing. This idea alone could be used for sharing
files, communication, etc, even when a grid is potentially knocked
down. Sounds pretty useful given the times.

'gnunet' can be found here:
<https://gnunet.org/en/>

I'm planning on also figuring out what to do next week since I
have it off from work. Most likely, I might go ahead and start
that one-man dungeon synth band, "Sieges", as I've been planning
in my head forever. That band will probably include loops, drum
samples, and keyboard riffs. I'd like it to be the anti-thesis of what
you can typically find in this genre under Bandcamp, as I would
like to prove that you can create some cool themed music in that
genre without having it to be so dark or dreary. As seen by a few
select bands in that genre, I think the best encompassing idea of
that genre is to utilize RPG video game style music but with relaxing
themes. However, I think a lot of those great ideas are kind of lost
between the all too many dreary dark albums of that genre on Bandcamp,
so here's to proving that positive dungeon synth music can be made.

Never stop learning, and have fun with Linux :) God Bless.