+++
title = "June 6, 2021"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2021-06-06T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

I forgot to mention this, but the other day, I fixed the 'w3mBookmarkSorter' so that it now is able to take a user's config file,
read it, and then determine where their given w3m related 'bookmarks.html' file is so that it can sort it alphabetically:

-   <https://git.musimatic.xyz/w3mBookmarkSorter/>

This is an important utility in my opinion since w3m lacks the functionality to sort bookmarks in this fashion.

I might consider joining their mailing list and just asking them to consider adding my project directly into w3m because I know
the last time I had asked about how to contribute to the Debian part of w3m, I was told it basically takes forever for
something to get approved.

I spent a bit of time over the last two days, but I was able to get the Dell Optiplex 7010 SFF machine up and running as a server,
specifically for backups and as a Git server. I chose to run Fedora Server on it, since I've been using that for my Linux laptop,
and its pretty decent.

The only weird issue so far is that it doesn't remember the BIOS settings to specifically boot into UEFI Mode to select the USB
harddrive containing Fedora Server, so that's been annoying. I'm not sure what I can do in that regards. It most likely is
an issue with the motherboard related battery burning out or something. I can't think of any other reason why the BIOS settings
are never remembered.

On the art side of things, I spent some time scanning in an old sketchbook from 2020 / 2021, so I plan on deploying a Wordpress
site to house a 2021 based art gallery within a few weeks or a month. Let's just say I'm glad I don't do art in pencil that much
anymore as its way too annoying of a medium to begin with, especially when scanning.

Pretty happy with the way things are going, and always thinking of new fun projects.

~ Sam