+++
title = "August 29, 2021"
author = ["Samuel Banya"]
date = 2021-08-29T00:00:00-04:00
draft = false
+++

Been going through Greg Vilppu's drawing courses, and learned a bit of figure drawing.

However, I will have to really go through his anatomy courses to figure out more in depth on how to actually draw the head,
torso, arms, legs, etc. This is more so because that particular teacher knows his anatomy inside and out so its kind of
hard to follow along when I've been guessing, since its been so long since I ever took an anatomy course anyway.

I uploaded my newer sketchbook on the 'Art Gallery' page as well, and some of the results are pretty good. I even uploaded
older art as well, and let's just say, most of it is not that great, but I guess there's some progress to be made.
My goal is to eventualy make some cool concept art, and do some lithography via linocuts, etc, and eventually oil paintings.

Art really has been helping me deal with stress these days, more so than playing guitar or keys ever did. Though, I did take
a more refined approach to keys recently, and have been going through the Hanon and Czerny exercises which have helped a lot.
Also, I've been just focusing on literally one song a week and haven't been rehearsing anything else to just get stuff up to
90 BPM and moving on. This is more so since I don't have much time for it in the morning, but its something I do right before
work, and something to still look forward to these days.

I have been working on that second JeeveSobs album as well, and the songs are pretty much done. I just have to mix, and master
it and it should be just fine. Overall, still guitar heavy, but I'm planning to mix it like some kind of Pinback album.

I should get back into my guitar building project too as well soon since I still need to apply clear coat to the guitar itself.

Maybe next weekend, we'll see.

~ Sam